# Pre-meeting:

- Plan to use bitnet and use it to make sentences for flash card vocab, or to generate questions about reading material, all on the user's local machine
- Pros: runs off of wifi, more privacy
- Cons: worser text generation, but probably not that bad.
    -   From the github, generation seems:
        -   fine on the sentence level
        -   okay at the paragraph level
        -   bad at the essay level
        so it might do well enough.

# During meeting:
###
Instead could have the phone connect to a llm server once a day to update the flashcards, or to update and get questions for the user to answer


### PRoblems with flashcards

- passive use (not doing, just reading)
- Using them as the only tool
- memorization instead of context
- See more online problems and opinions people have, eg. youtube or reddit.
- Capture the pros of flashcards, address some of the cons
- contextual, scenario based

### address example scenarios when designing the program
- Look up examples from what people struggle with travelling to japan with little language knowledge
- English is a hard example for me to use because I've never struggled with it, but jp would be good because I have.
- "Whats the hardest thing about learning X language?" What are elements that come up with Japanese that my program could address?
- "Whats the easier things?"
- ^ these will help you narrow down abilities of program
- context, vocab, grammar, symbols, etc.

- Look at how the US Govt. (State Dept.) trains people in languages for the contexts they needed. See the image he sent


- Thesis isn't meant to be a product, not viable, not valuable, just show that I addressed a problem.

- System can be tailored to reducing common errors people have (Eg something that causes people to get mad, critical mistakes)(eg a hard word)
    -   Advanced classes or advanced books (C2) could go over some of these.
        -   Dolly?



- Focus on difficulties in language learning using flashcards
- If I limit it to flash cards, non-interactive, text-based, I can still get a lot done.

- Look up "Top 10 mistakes" "Top words that people confuse" etc. for Japanese for native eng
- even top 100 could be good, though the later ones down the list might not come up often.

- Email Tappan with any progress or if I get lost
# Post meeting:


-   Flashcards of sentence chunks could be a better recommendation:
    - See FAQ question 2: https://jl.imporinfo.com/2025/11/7-common-japanese-mistakes-english.html#mistake-3

- What if we had users create sentences, andd then used "perplexity" in the same way that llms work, to measure how natural a sentence sounds? 
    -   Is it possible to distinguish grammaticall errors fromm nouns which are in the wrong spot? (eg. ad lib vs language mistakes?)
    - Could give a squiggly blue bar like in word, and a number rating to signify how accurate or inaccurate you are.
    - Possible addons: could have an option to look up (similar to a coding error message) an automated explanation looked up by chatgpt and RAG'd back in a hopefully accurate way?
    -    https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2025/04/perplexity-metric-for-llm-evaluation/#h-what-is-perplexity-metric
        -   Nevermind, the metric wouldn't be perplexity, it would be how likely that token is to appear.
    - Grammarly is what this is i think. We could recreate that. See here: https://ai.gopubby.com/creating-grammarly-from-scratch-f3a12f140bd1
        -   Nevermind. What I want is something that tells me if a sentence is unnatural. Not that it doesn't follow grammar rules, but that it sounds unnatural. That's something a stats program should be able to do.
            -   Maybe I can take an llm, feed in each part of the sentence one at a time, get the output vectors that happen before selection (that decide the probability of each token) and have a cutoff threshold to draw a squiggly blue bar with a number saying how low the prob is.
                -   https://ai.plainenglish.io/decoding-an-llms-thoughts-logit-lens-in-just-25-lines-of-code-100c1dbf2ac0
                    -   https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/AcKRB8wDpdaN6v6ru/interpreting-gpt-the-logit-lens
                -   CHATGPT method: https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/using_logprobs?utm_source=chatgpt.com 
                    -   Nvm I don't think this gives all of the probs?

    - Do the thing but in flashcard form? given a word, have the user make a sentence, then check if the sentence is natural sounding? grammatically correct?