The dataset doesnt have much info variety, so the dataset being small itself shouldnt be that big of a problem.
Proper nouns are going to be troublesome. Interesting to look at as far as what to focus on in the writeup

huggingface has an akkadian_english_corpus, is it the same one? or cleaner? It has a link to a paper!!!
go through and read the record, classify some of the datapoints? or the words? give more idea of what is in it. maybe can use it.

numbers could be ignored or maybe we do them idk.

There is an annotation system for proper nouns? The encoding ddepends on dataset. See email from tappan. Oracc annotation standard?

For multiple styles, consider which akkadian notation would give more info or be more useful to the NN. How should we handle it. Include in write up

for write up, write down each considerations you made, and what choices you did.


//selfmaybe I can think of thesis as: do the goal, and write down each thing I considered as I went toward it.

My background section of my thesis will be longer than normal due to how unusual akkadian is.



// maybe I can use word2vec along with dictionary.

there are 2 assyrian (what time period idk) dictionaries, see reddit.



//Self try word2vec this week? and backtranslation, and maybe splicing the akkadian letters together. (just putting sentences next to each other sounds easy)

2023 paper Translating Akkadian to English with neural machine translation


latent semantic analysis

ensembling 

// t is suggesting a lot of background stuff, but I need to try to get results.


