do my thesis as a comparitive survey.

do a breadth thing not a depth thing.


they are existing techniques so i dont have to spend a lot of time justifying it.



qmsva

try as many techniques as I can find.
10-12 even could be good.
doesnt have to be all data augmentation.
analyse how it works on specific data points.

draw it all back to the original subject matter of akkadian tablets and grammar and language history and such if possible.



Maybe I could apply techniques to generate (grammatical) parse trees for Akkadian? What ones exist? That sounds very interesting!
- How would that help with gaps?
    - Artificially creating gaps could help show validity.
- More interpretable than a NN if it exists.
- akkadian specific ones apparently already exist if you look it up.

Look at the theses links that tappan sent you for examples of how my thesis should look!

in background I will have to talk about the nature of the language itself.
    - Agglunitative? maybe? is it? what are words doing in it? conjugations?
    - Can I use my vectors to help with this?


// Self TODO I neeed to redo my vectors with those mmore bits to fit it.

numbers and proper nouns should be handled specifically in some way.
maybe i dont need to for proper nouns though?

look at akkadian grammar (probably the reddit), as it can help me know more about what my data is doing.
 - Can help explain what situations work well or not.
 - Old akkadian writing and grammar pdf.


by start of next quarter, be starting on the writing. Be running experiments while writing.
Can start writing about akkadian itself pretty easily.
Can look up interesting facts about the akkadian empire. That culture will inform the language content.