23 monday is deadline

again, i need to set up my results comparison


compare examples of evaluations on the train set, and validation set.
    - Shows how well the technique works even when we "cheated" by using the train set.

how could I diagnose what is happening on the akkadian/english side. some sort of report? "sensitivity analysis"
-   Where its having problems, where its stumbling over.
-   How could we ask the model "why"

sensitivity analysis:
- "which parts of the data played the most role" in the results, score, etc.
    - lets you determine what words are important (where important info is)
    - You could literally cut words from the output and do the cefr score with each combination
        - mechanical combinations and permutations of akkadian
- Sensitivity analysis is 
- slice the data and figure out what matters.
    - confusion matrix
    - 20% of words carry 80% of meaning. "pareto"?
    - [zips law](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1807.01855)
        - voinich manuscript?
    - language data distribution
    - akkadian still follows statistical tendencies of languages


for this week:
- figure out what can be done with zipfs law or bobs law jims law, other data things about language in general to understand stuff idk, benford's law
- use those laws on my model outputs
- analyze frequency of words in akkadian???
    - use this for that "adding more examples with obscure words" technique?

use my data analysis results from the above to qualitatively look at model results given the data it was handling
    - eg did the model have to handle an obscure word?

self-explaining nlp models


basically this week:
- make my data pretty (excel, graphs, doesn't need to be actually stand on its own presentable to an audience). all of it. gensim, moodel results, everything.s

the argument of my thesis is gonna be "what was learned" and "what knowledge was helped to the world"