Definitely go for comparing approaches, trying things, and seeing what works and describing that as my thesis.


Articles to look at for working with dead languages:
- Scrolls of pompeii competition (image processing)
    - Even understanding this helps me get better at explaining why my thesis topic is important
- any kaggle LLM stuff
- 

as a grad student, writing my thesis will be harder than coding.
focus on doing a comparative study, just use the competition environment as a base.
2 to 10 things
- Read them over, explain what you want from each article, why you did/didn't use their techniques, etc.
- Doesnt have to be dead languages, can be obscure or underrepresented languages, endangered languages, etc.
    - Hebrew is a resurrected language
    - look into interesting things even if its not technical. even the social side of stuff

- sound of akkadian language could be fun to look up on youtube.
    - gives me context
- What other languages was akkadian exposed to, or were offshoots, 
    - consider what happened with translating sumerian or using resources from that.


could be publishable in some thing!
    - marketted toward ancient language people
    - way down the road.

do comparitive stuff, dont focus on technical details too much since libraries exist.
look at different ml techniques that can be applied to this problem and collect them, but dont implement yet. ********** THIS
look at papers on endangered or obscure languages, see if there is any ml stuff. what did they do? (this might take a bit of searching?)
    - "Machine learning for endangered languages" or something
    - ML for endangered language documentation lab University of Florida
keep it at a high level, dont get too much into implementation this week.
    - Brainstorming finding techniques