after doing the what worked didn't work, estimate what I could reproduce/can't reproduce

See if I can rank the techniques
    - how much they were used
    - how successful they were in this sample

could rank teams by how many techniques they tried

reading the leaderboard results, there's no one technique that's perfect.

see what techniques correspond higher on the top 15.


part of argument is
there's no clean way to approach it
messy technique pile on top of messy language

popular failed approaches are also very interesting to discuss. and discuss why people did that approach.

miscellaneous section is fine too
future work?


&&&& 
fill out c column

I'm doing a meta study. by studying studies and consolidating that information into something general and easily digestible and more helpful. while still trying to keep what details I can.
A bit of a lit review
"try to get a coherent picture of what's out there"
and try to include the why of things
if most findings agree, then its not a topic for future work probably
but if theres some disagreement, then it could be a topic for a reader to do future work.

meta studies are rather difficult.

my thesis is kind of a meta study + running some stuff.


expensiveness of some implementations can also be included as a good note.
- affects which one I choose to build and run myself
- affects reader decision


hunters thesis was a meta study of techniques for terrain generation

choose 2 or 3 techniques from the table im making, to try to make good results
- MBR
- 
Choose them, then talk with tappan to see how much we wanna investigate it beforehand.


when i discuss the framework for my analysis, need to explain meta-analysis.
Not many people have done this for machine translation on akkadian so its interesting.
- Not a lot in the technical sense, but a lot in the design in analysis sense.
- 

&&&&
keep filling the table out, pref by next week, or sooner if I can.

next major breakthrough will be the outline of the document

look into how to do a meta-study; meta-analysis
- https://www.ovid.com/jnls/cns-journal/abstract/10.1097/01.nur.0000299614.62024.53~the-differences-between-meta-analysis-and-meta-study-part-ii?redirectionsource=fulltextview
- https://guides.himmelfarb.gwu.edu/studydesign101/metaanalysis


once the table is done, I can know what to run for my experiment, and I can know what my outline should look like



/// self thoughts
- If I keep working on this a ton this week, maybe I can get it all done and we could see if we could publish it in a thing as I graduate. Itd be nice to have a published paper on my resume of some sort.