&&&&&&
Send viktoria a note about what my thesis is explaining background, but not any files yet since I don't have anything.

Defense is TRA Terminal Research Authorization form
- Has title, defense date time



for project at the moment
- uncertain, not in a negative way, how much we'll actually use from kaggle results and how.
- 


Current Outline
- He needs to take some time to go through it.
- probably not enough rn, but doesn't know if im far off
- 


The ML server is still something I have access too.
- Use that, jason is doing non necessary ones and will be done soon anyway.
- 

stuff to try:
- validating other people's results
    - reproducing
- 

a lot of my work for my thesis should be explaining why things did smth or didn't do smth.

&&&&
be reading through the writeups and organize the data of their results and techniques
&&&&
in related work, I can talk about kaggle and what techniques people are using, even if I didn't use them, and even if outside of my scope
- Don't worrry about the formatting of backgorund and whatever, just put it in.

Do background before lit review. lit review is just things that you used, so its a subset?


Akkadian
take background that I've written with bullet points and make an outline and organize it better.
- Talk about general, then get more specific.
    - the technical difficulties are smth you talk about in a later section
        - Transliteration (which is part of implementation side details)
        - Do make sure to go over the fact that transliteration is a step though.
    - go over the nature of the corpora that other people have found 
        - Use what other people found in the data.
        - Answer:
            - what did akkadians write about?
            - Why did they start writing at all?
Lit review and background also goes about machine learning in general
background serves as an introduction to bridge from laymen more inward

For ML
- describe the general idea of what machine learning is (eg. supervised, unsupervised)
    - maybe check the wikipedia page
        - there's a diagram of AI, ML, Deep learning
        - Don't get in the weeds though
- Supervised, unsupervised, RL
- Machine learning, Natural Language Processing
- Machine translation is subset of NLP
- gentle explanation of how it fits together

Low Resource Languages
- NLP on low resource languages


way at the beginning, talk about the rational of what the problem statement is
- tons of tablets
- not enough people can translate it
- ML won't do as good a job as humans, but it will be helpful to them
- answer "Why do they need this tool"
- Expand out the bullet "kaggle competition"
^ This should be my opening statement
good hook: "There are x amount of tablets in museums, and there are only x archeologists..."
- these solutions help narrow down the tablets that humans care to look at.

NML <- what??

NLP
Natural language learning, natural language inference (question answering model), etc.
- A full blown AI would have whatever capabilites, but we're just focused on the tranlsation part.

&&&&
Keep extending the outline



Mention how my workflow was on Kaggle (like with the 30 hours a week, P100)
- Used whatever server, was it adequate for my work? yes.
- Any setup I had to do

For results and discussion:
- Pick out individual translation pairs about some text thats interesting
    - Compare ones (multiple) with fractions, because people complained about them causing trouble
    - Compare ones with (names?), because people complained about them causing trouble
    - Do for many different features!
    - Go through that list from background about what kaggle had trouble with.
        - Check discussions
    - This is how NLP used to be. Very linguistics focused
- I'll have a lot of little experiments rather than a few big ones


fun facts to include
- LLM systems could be on any sequential data, and language isn't really directly in the architecture, its hard to look into the language model to understand whats going on, very fuzzy.
    - LMs blindly spit out an answer that isn't interpretable internally, so the human touch is still needed for actual analysis. brute force pattern matching. it cant give you real answers if you asked it.
    - Archeologists will still be necessary to look at the data and understand grammars and history etc.

&&&&
background section
- send an outline of the structure to tappan //////1. <---- DO FIRST
    - sections, headings, etc. bullet points
    - make it in a nice order before we write it
    
    - After writing the outline and sending it to him (itll be fast to review), write a draft
        - Write in conversational tone, doesn't matter. just brain dump it out.
        - Still a draft so don't get super worried about drafting

&&&&
continue training the two three models
MBR

&&&&
complete that techniques excel sheet analysis of the top 15 (or less) people.
- Chip away at it, one a day or so. It's not a one-day task.    
    - Every day chip away at it.
