solution side
- ML
problem side
- Language and data characteristics


matrix of 

don't have too many categories and stuff.

much of ml is configuring the ml system.

include the excel sheet of the leaderboard stats on submission count and stuff in results/discussion section.

lower aaruond 100 place had some public model integrations.


See png


really wanna get something running.

would be nice to know how many techniques there are.

look maybe only at top 20 or less teams.

Why is MBR worse for some people?
- Could contact the team directly.


get from chaos stage to a funnel right now. we're not at chaos but we're not at order right now either.

could compare other eval techniques besides bleu and chrf++,  could look at human translation parameters.
- prose affecting it? and such?

my thesis is a discussion thesis. its a compare and contrast. so i need to show I've looked at the big picture.
- the prose in the data feels older to me. 
- there was a decent amount of discussion about trying to match the prose.
- and german and turkish translation data would also affect the prose.
- this would all affect model score and the metric would affect this.

Make a matrix like the png.
- 30x30 or smth. 
- in a cell it could be a ranking, or scale of relevancy. just make it vibes based. N/A, good bad etc.
"until you know your data, you really don't know what you want to do with your data"

Matrix of the kinds of things that akkadians talked about.
- Take a look at what the people who got external datasets found.
    - is it different kinds of data that kaggle didn't provide?
    - is it similar to the data kaggle provided?

https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/deep-past-initiative-machine-translation/discussion/674469
could be interesting discussion.

get comfortable with chatgpt. maybe buy premium if needed. let it do the heavy lifting.


maybe I could compare preprocessing techniques?


If someone did anything particularly interesting in the top 10, see if they made comments about it in the past.

according to tappan I should be going through the competition discussions and such and know why stuff happens.

I think I'm supposed to be telling the story of the competition in some sense in my thesis.

comments on data formatting could be interesting i suppose.


could do chatgpt to do stuff on analyzing kaggle, and then can also mention that process in thesis.

do chatgpt as half-ai thesis i guess? he says

might be good to look at the prompts given from the first few placed people. and model my style off of that to do chatgpt data analysis. or smth. idk just good to learn from for prompt engineering.

june 12th is the very very very limit of latest i could do my final.

so lets do less than 11 weeks from now.


we could try to finish by the end of april?


---------------
Self made todo:

- Look over the results and see if anybody has a published setup for running their chatgpt thingy. or maybe I'll try that in a diff compettion using that one person's automated thing.

- Collect the best techniques and datasets I can.
- Run a setup to see how high I can go.
- Run sentence splice on it just to see.