Go over many of the top solutions, maybe like 20 of them, top 100.
try to merge the best of them.


make a matrix spreadsheet that compares their solutions similarities

can compare the solutions, see whats unique


2 passes:
1. To know what you're even seeing; what you're looking for. This is how you can decide your matrix columns based on what you end up seeing a lot.
    - Use chatgpt as well, might help.
        - Have it summarize.
        - Just give it a shot and see how well chatgpt can organize these, might help my time and work? to know what differs. then I can look further into those papers?
        - Still gonna have to read each of them anyways.
    - See what didn't work, what did work, and list those.
    - A lot of the 30-100 range have almost the same score, so lower ones should *not* be discounted.
    - Find the commonalities of what worked and what didn't work
2. 

Summarizing what everyone did could be nice.


After comparing and contrasting, take what they did and change it, merge it, and make something fun and cool.



Make a summary of results,
- Show numbers on how many teams used what (collectively).
- Show what techniques were favored, popularity.
- If have extra time, could go into why/why not something worked or didnt work and why it does/doesnt appear on the list.

Basically doing a Lit. review.
Write about this, write about what we tried, write about what we try with this knowledge.



"Getting the results won't be the most time consuming. Just making sense of all the possible ways you could do this will take the most time."
- Read all the kaggle writeups end to end.
- This will guide what you actually implement and run.

Choose some things from their reports after reading and analyzing them all.

Mine it with chatgpt if it helps for the reports.

be careful that the numbers can change on the leaderboard. Keep the team names in the spreadsheet and index.
mark what i've read, so that I can know what reports weren't here today.



analyze the leaderboard scores in excel.
- Can determine how many teams gave a "reasonable effort" by the amount of entries they sent.
- interesting to say how much crowdsourcing was done.