Look at how other Kaggle competitions have done stuff:

Competitions
"Linear A"

Look up the general framework of solutions to make sure it makes sense.


maybe I should print my results to show to tappan to give him more of a good qualitative representation of whats happening with my model results.


similarity metric of word to closest words in dictionary that could be candidates (embedding vector comparison etc idk)

Find some past projects people have done with LLMs (I think I should search on Kaggle)
Stuff where people dealt with missing pieces of data would be good.

I have to be able to explain what I did, why i did it, why it works/didn't for my thesis.
- Use the competition's given problem statement
- Be able to articulate how what I'm doing relates to it.
- Don't just try random stuff but maybe use stuff, make it motivated.?

Requirements for the thesis aren't exactly the same as what Kaggle has.
- 


Compare rankings on prev Kaggle 
- Why did 2nd place differ from 1st etc.
- Comparing those rankings even in itself could be a valid thesis.
	- running it on my problem and comparing results.
- Just gotta make sure they're comparable... Know why it wouldn't work, or when/why it works here or not here etc.
- Kaggle only asks for a solution, theyre not looking for a why or comparisons or a full on analysis of how to make the LLM work/not work.
- linguists look at the language, archeologists look at the content.
- Frame it as an analysis of LLM techniques tried, why, why it resulted that way theory, etc.

As we do more, we'll get a better feel for what direction we're going down.
Keep playing around, do it in a disciplined way, take notes and be able to report what you're encountering.

How to deal with messy data might be available online.

Let him know what I find, but I'm doing the work. make reports to him.
- Be telling him about this stuff, 
- maybe make a micro slideshow?