discussing the results is huge
my thesis story will be messier than the other grad students just because the problem and solutions I'm discussing are messier than a single technique. 

mine is very qualitative, not as quantitative.

a lot of this will be hypothetical because they wont give full info how to reproduce. or it'd be too expensive

when I reproduce I can compare. Create discussion from that.
- Think about what I'm reproducing

See the thesis he'll send you after. I wont be following that format but it's interesting


In my thesis I'm effectively pretending to be competing in the competition, but following different rules.

Lit review and akkadian I can already be fleshing out.

&&&&
"What do I want to say about akkadian?"
- grab stuff from the kaggle description.
- Grab what's relevant to my project about akkadian
- Grab all I want, then tappan can say if its too little or too much etc.
    - Just go
- context
    - tablets
        - cuneiform 
            - missing any vowels or anything? check
        - transliteration
            - How they got the transliterations
            - (we're explaining that where my work starts is not the start of the pipeline from tablet, its from transliterations)
            - Formatting of the translations, and why.
                - How it affects the ML model (like fraction missmatched formats)
                    - Easy things and hard things
                        - make a list of all the things people complained about.  Those will be the hard things
                            - Use chappy to synopsis it.
        - not speech, speech is basically impossible



- explain such that the reader has the minimum background to understand what I'm doing.

- What kind of language is akkadian? (wikipedia)
    - context? svo?
    - not super in depth just overview

Expand the outline up front.

think about the stuff that would be appropriate for the lit review, piece it together or flesh it out in the outline.

purpose of the work is something to address as well.

Make some tables like the kaggle writeups do.
Make some diagrams like my pipeline flow and such



ask chappy "how would I explain this in a master's thesis for a non subject matter expert?"
- chappy will do good on the describing stuff, but not the technical stuff, have it help me write, but don't have it write my thesis.            
- since mine is more qualitative, I can mess with chatgpt a little more.
- ask chappy to summarize smth big
- ask chappy to consolidate lots of little data points.

compare with other old languages
- latin
- linear A, B


why kaggle competition exists:
- There was a lot of data, more than the archeologists could deal with, but the data its still small enough to be called low resource for ML.
    - The ML allows humans to look at what's boring interesting of the tablets without wasting lots of time.
    - Thats the use case^

background section should touch on related languages, and also that other languages used cuneiform too.
- A weird extreme modern example of a language adopting a writing system would be vietnamese


note that even experts aren't gonna give perfect translations, and many will be questionable or unsure.

could ask chappy to look at my notes and organize it into a background section

Think about the absolute minimum that I need to do for writing my thesis, or analyzing the data, or handling the problem of akkadian.


research is about fumbling around and collecting things and getting a feel for what's important.

creational,structural,behavioral framework from 524


there's a chappy tool that creates an MD format for brainstorming?
- might not be available though

its week 3., I have 7 weeks left.
still messing with the implementation so it's quite tight right now.
don't focus entirely on writing, also do the implementation.
implementation also depends on the analysis of the kaggle results, so I need to do that too.
depending on what frame of mind im in, pick my favorite to do rn. the background chapter will likely be the chillest because its just writing, no debugging.
- knowing yourself is helpful